hello youtubers it's me hair girl 1975
I'm today I want you with a with you for
the motto motto remy hair ego this is a
1 B and I put a little color inside
that's different here um I like it it's
all right but I'm I like big hair like
big hair full fuller beisner this 2-pack
14 inches and torque wrenches and I have
the saga a visible put closure on it is
alright to silky for me I like texture
here like yucky rainy like really woof
african hair like i like this is too
silky for me but I'm going to try my
best to stay with it for mother a half
two months I really want to do it for
two months because I have my eye the
other here the silk disclosure here the
whole package bundle oh my god is so
expensive but I'm gonna stick up to pay
cuz I mean no with the flu so I could
put it in the middle put it on the side
where by one move just my next purchase
well this is the air it I just call it
it's not bad it's not bad
that bad but we'll see I'm gonna try the
back
it's not bad i like it well and i just
find out like maybe like yesterday that
we need to stand I just daughter anyway
um well this is that here once again it
is ego I mean the motto motto ego and
jet black budget but you won't be let's
jet black and not the other color for a
different hair and I just miss today
because I can just do just black out of
some kind of color in there well again I
like it but I rather like a more texture
here thank you